I was picked up by a woman and about three of her kids, and she wanted me to drive.
And I drove to Corsican, that's where she, so and then I got rides from then on.
down here in different ways.
I'll never forget going up there one summer to see this friend that was going to North Texas and I got an Ennis.
I'll never forget that.
The old boy stopped and picked me up and he said, let me go over here a little.
And he went over there to see about a house and he went over
gone about a couple of hours and he dropped me off and he said same place he picked me up to this as far as I go.
He was a real estate man.
Did you ever have any bad experiences hitchhiking?
No.
I've had some long time waits.
But other than that, why?
Where did, if you were going north, when you were a student here, where did you catch the ride from the campus?
Where was the place to go to get a ride going north?
Well, where the post office is up at the north gate now, that one, that post office wasn't there then.
And we'd all stand out there.
If you were a senior, you were the first one down the line.
And then junior and sophomore and then freshman when you finally moved up.
All right.
Now later, rank didn't matter, but it did.
After you got out on that highway.
Oh, okay.
Somewhere else, it didn't matter.
I have not yet interviewed anybody who has told me about any bad Aggie hitchhiking experience.
As far as I know, I never ran into any of it.
But I never did do a lot of hitchhiking.
After my sophomore year, I never didn't get to go anywhere.
All right, now you said you lost contact with your father.
You had a sister back in Vernon.
Uh-huh.
So you didn't go home much.
No, I didn't go anywhere.
Where did you live between the semesters?
Could you stay on the campus?
They let us stay on the dormitories that were empty.
And most of the time, it was either in the heart.
Now that dormitory's not there anymore, but they had an old Ross Hall, and we stayed in that, and it had
About the time we started going to supper over on the campus, why, this thing is full of bats.
And they start coming out those windows.
It had a long haul down there.
rooms on each side of the hall, and had that big old, big windows on each end of that thing.
And here they'd come out, Ross Hall.
It was right across from the YMCA there.
Now, did you work at the Aggieland Inn then between semesters?
Yeah.
We had to keep that job.
I couldn't let that job go.
We stayed there.
And I went to school.
I'd get 12 hours in the summertime.
Describe the YMCA in those days.
Well, I don't know much about the YMCA.
Did you meet Mr. Remember Mr. Cashin?
I knew him well.
Describe him, please.
He was...
He was, as far as I know, he would come in there every once in a while and have coffee or something during, but I never did go in the YMCA to speak of.
Had, they had a lot of things going on campus.
That's where we had our Yale practice out there on the,
on those steps.
Describe your practice.
Well,
They had it every so often, every once, two or three nights a week, you know.
But when they were having them, I was generally still working.
So we closed up at 7.30 or somebody was there, we had to stay till they left, you know, while we were eating.
Did you by chance meet those two little boys in the Cashin family?
Did you know those?
They were, I believe, right across the street from the old hospital.
That was where they were born, I believe.
If I'm not mistaken, that's where they were born.
Did you by chance see them as they were little kids?
Oh, I guess I did.
I didn't pay much attention to them.
I've interviewed them, and apparently they thought it was fun to be little kids on the campus.
Well, I guess so.
Isn't that where they said they lived?
If I'm not mistaken, I believe it was right across the street from the old hospital.
Did you ever have to go to the hospital while you were a student?
What was it like?
Well, not much.
Not much.
And it'd go over, you know, you'd feel like you had the flu or something.
They'd give you some medicine and let you go on about your business.
Now, did it have some overnight rooms?
Could a... Yes, people were... Dr. Marsh, I can remember him being there.
And he operated, they had operations and things right there in that hospital.
Describe Dr. Marsh.
Well, I didn't know him.
Oh, you didn't?
I never knew much about him.
And until I got into the sporting goods business.
And I bought two or three different boats for him.
And he loved to go down on the coast and fish down on the coast.
Guyon Hall was the place for movies and other big events.
That's right.
Describe.
Took a lot of examinations over there.
Now that lady out there, when she graduated,
from TSCW or whenever it was when she graduated.
She played the organ over there every Sunday morning.
And for religious services, for chapel?
Well, I'm sure that they, before I got here, they had a bunch of men, I understand.
Did you go to movies at Guyon Hall?
No, most of the movies I went to
was on the old campus there where the All Faith Chapel is now.
There's an old wooden building.
And that's where they had, especially Saturday.
Now what would you guys do during a movie in that old?
Oh, in that old one.
And you couldn't, they'd buy these peanuts and one of them would get upstairs and throw peanuts down.
And something went on, you know, loving and something.
They'd make all kinds of noises.
It was interesting.
Let's see.
During your days as a student, were there easy courses for the athletes?
Did athletes get special treatment as far as you knew?
The only one I know is, I knew all those athletes, and there wasn't an athlete hardly that I didn't know.
And we had Dick Todd and I, and Marion Pugh, Doug Dawson,
And oh, I don't know, half a dozen or more had a course in training under old, well, I can't think of his name right offhand, but.
Athletic training?
Athletic training.
And he went in, we went in the swimming pool there one day, and he says, now all y'all want to get in there, make out like you're drowning.
But nobody wanted to go in and get wet and take off her clothes and put them on and get.
So, Lil, Lil Dimit, I believe, I believe that was his name, who was one of the trainers, Lil Dimit.
And everybody had to make an A. He said, I can't give everybody A's.
But most of them got A's.
That's the only thing.
I took some courses under Ken Berthy in the summertime.
Now, what did he teach?
He taught… P.E.?
P.E.
Good teacher.
What did he do that made him a good teacher?
I've heard… Well, he was just one of you, really.
That's the only way I could explain.
Were there religious activities on the campus during your student days?
Were there chapel services?
Oh, I'm sure there were.
But...
Most of those things, they weren't for me because I was always working until 7.30, from 5.30 to 7.30.
Did you go to church on Sundays as a student?
If they had services earlier, like 10 o'clock, had two services, sometimes I could go at 10 o'clock because at 11.30 I had to be at work.
That messed up a lot of things.
I had to have that job.
Describe going to a basketball game in DeWare Fieldhouse.
You know, when John Floyd got here, they had a real good program there for a while.
And, in fact, I went, that was after I graduated, though.
But some of those others, I didn't go much.
Because they were, most of the time, they were always at 7 o'clock.
And I just... Did the other guys try to pick on you because your job could get you out of some of the...
I don't know if it did.
It sure did.
I was just telling up there two or three weeks ago was in there eating at the cafeteria.
And I said, I don't know of any boy that ever didn't have any family that went to A&M any cheaper than I did.
And I still don't know how in the world I did it.
I must have done something fairly well.
Now, did you get any letters from your sister very often?
No, no.
The youngest one next to me, she would write me every once in a while.
And did you write letters to anybody in the family?
No, no, I didn't.
They, my senior year, my sister got married.
It must have been in the spring and she brought my dad down here one day and they ate lunch in there in the cafeteria.
That was your senior year?
My senior year.
And that's the only time they ever, I ever saw them.
Now, when you were an undergraduate, what were the most respected student organizations?
Well, now, I didn't get into it.
No, but what did you and your buddies think about the singing cadets or the band or the Ross Volunteers?
Well, I admired the Ross Volunteers because they were pretty well.
In fact, I thought they were the cream of the crop of them.
of the organizations, but I never did because I didn't have any money.
What about the band?
Oh, I thought the band, and I still believe that the most organized and the most, well, I don't know what a good word you could call it, but they were more together than any organization on this campus.
Who was the director of the band then?
was Colonel Dunn.
What was he like?
Well, I didn't know him very well.
She knew him.
She could tell you a lot of things.
Colonel Dunn had a daughter, and they were real, real close.
She went to school with Alley.
What about Colonel Andy?
Did you ever know him?
Yeah, I just knew him as a coach.
I didn't get back to her.
Okay.
He came from Mississippi State where her father came from.
What about, were you aware that there were some secret fraternities?
Yes, sir.
John Bone isn't one of them.
Chick Sale was one of them.
But I didn't know anything about it.
What was the name of them?
Do you know?
I really don't.
Because I've heard that there were the TTs, the True Texans.
Now you know more about that than maybe I do.
Let's see, a yell leader.
Was it a big deal to be a yell leader then?
Oh, I'm sure it was.
Because they had votes just like these things on the campuses over there now.
What was the top position for a student on the campus?
At that time, I guess the head of the cadet corps, I guess.
Corps commander?
Corps commander, I guess.
Now, let's see.
The president during your years was Dr. Walton.
And did you all see much of him?
No, but he was on the top floor down there in the system building.
And, you know, at that time, nearly everybody lived on the campus.
or had lived on the campus.
And Dr. Walton and that little lady right out there family lives next door to each other, you know.
And well, you can get a lot out of her.
She can tell you about all of those indentations and lower deals over there in front of the president's home now.
They were made in World War I so they could learn and they were trenches.
But I won't get into her.
Let's see, and the Waltons lived in the old president's house across from Cebiza.
Or right next door to Agilene, yeah.
Right.
At one time, all the time of them, that's when they lived.
Did you students ever try to do any pranks on the president or the president's house?
As far as I know.
You didn't have a car while you were a student.
No.
Did any of your buddies have a car?
One boy in the band from San Antonio had a car.
And he had to have it off of the campus.
Had to rent a garage off the campus.
They couldn't have one on the campus.
When you were a student, how did an Aggie get a date?
Where did you have?
Well, in the spring of the year, all of your different military organizations
had a dance on Friday, and then, uh, and then, uh, the Corps could go Saturday night.
It was either, uh, uh, engineer dance Friday night, or field artillery, or infantry, or one of them.
I think there were seven different organizations.
If I'll say the engineer had a dance on Friday night, they had to move out and let their girlfriends out of their room.
And then they had to get a room with somebody.
Now where did those girls come from usually?
Most of them back there then was from Denton.
From CIA?
Mm-hmm.
Did you ever have a blind date with a girl from up there?
Never had but one blind date, and that's right out there.
And describe that.
How did you have that blind date?
Well...
A friend of mine that worked there at Aggieland Inn was going with a girl at, I'll say CIA, you know.
And she and Allie were real close.
I don't know whether they roomed together or next door.
Anyway, they both graduated in 37.
And Allie was working for her father.
So she had already graduated when you met her?
Uh-huh.
She graduated in 37.
And her mother and father had to go on some kind of an agricultural trip to California somewhere.
And she wanted to come down to see Allie.
And so she wrote and asked or called whatever it was, called, asked and she'd come down there.
because she was going with this boy.
And they had gone with each other a good while.
So she came down here and Addie had the car.
So she asked me if I would have a blind date with her.
So I had just bought
me a tailor-made pair of pants.
An old boy that used to just go to the Southwest Conference games and sell these athletes uniforms and clothes.
And I bought a pair of pants from him.
I had this date, and I put those pants on, and I put on a bow tie, and walked down here and over there, and knocked on the door, and she came to me.
She said, I started closing the door on you, the way you looked.
But anyway, I came back.
A long time.
Where did y'all go on that first date?
Went to a picture show in Navasota.
Oh, all the way to Navasota.
Yes, sir.
Sure did.
And then you started dating fairly often.
Quite a bit.
And where would you take a date here?
Well, we went to the show.
Most of the time, I think it was a dime or 15 cents, it wasn't much.
And that's about it.
If an Aggie wanted to take his date after the show for a good time.
Well, there wasn't any.
As far as I know, because I didn't have the money to do it.
But was there a place where he could have gotten a soft drink?
I don't know where there was anybody.
So this is during your senior year?
My senior year.
My senior year, I believe she and I and
George Birch and his girl, we went to see my sister in Cruel as she got married.
And we, George lived in Wichita Falls and we dropped them off in Wichita.
We were all in that little old coop.
And we went to see my sister and her husband.
That's the only time I ever— All right, now by the time you graduated, were you all getting serious?
Well, we were pretty close.
When I graduated, Firestone Tire and River Company had a deal with their company that they were hiring a hundred graduates a year.
for first someone to work for them.
And so they came here and interviewed, and they picked four from A&M, which was the most of any university over the United States.
And I happened to be one of them.
And so when I graduated, we
went to, they sent me to Big Spring.
We were in a training program and they sent me to Big Spring and that was in April of my mark, May.
It must have been the first of June.
I had to get a bus out to Big Spring, and I stayed there until October.
And then I met the other two, boy by the name of Charlie Madding, which is in Corpus, and Oscar Long, which is this one I tell you, was my best man at my wedding.
He had a little old Chevrolet Coupe and all three of us met in Dallas.
And we rode up to Akron, Ohio and that thing.
We were going to save lots of money.
What was your, do you remember your starting pay with Firestone?
$115 a month.
Big money for that.
It seemed like big money, didn't it?
We didn't know any better, I guess, but that was what it was.
$115 a month, and they paid us what they thought it was worth going up there and back to Dallas.
Back here on the campus, now you didn't go away to summer...
uh training camp for all i didn't my after my sophomore year i didn't stay with the army all right did you wear civilian clothes to class you were you wore a uniform with the outfits and wore my uh uh field artillery just like were you all called were you all called dnc no we were called nm
Non-military.
NM, oh, okay.
Did anybody make fun of you because you were?
No, no, there's quite a few that didn't.
What, reckon what percentage were NMs?
Oh, it wasn't very big.
Third, fourth?
Maybe, fourth, maybe, maybe fourth, yeah.
As NMs, did you still go to any formations or anything like that?
We still had marching every Wednesday.
Sure did.
Now, did you buy some senior boots?
Oh, no, no, no.
I never had a senior.
In fact, I didn't even have a...
a uniform.
I had to borrow a uniform when we had to do marching or like when we went to on a court trip, you know.
Describe a court trip in those days.
Well, the only one I went to, we had the
get up and feed the students.
See me like it was around four o'clock in the morning.
They had to march down there.
Then they had to march to the train.
And we went on the train.
And that's the only.
Where did you go to?
Dallas.
To Dallas.
And did you spend that night in Dallas or come back?
No.
I guess so.
I guess we must have.
I don't remember at all.
Was it any problems?
Nobody did anything bad to you all?
And you marched in downtown Dallas.
Marched in downtown Dallas.
And I was going with this girl, and I met her over there in Dallas.
And we didn't go to the ball game.
Other than that, well, there wasn't very much.
And they got beat then.
Uh-oh.
They weren't winning many ball games.
Let's see.
Here around the campus, where did the guys that were going out to party, where did they go?
Where'd they go to drink beer?
Hard Liquors is the only place I know of.
That's only
You could see them walking down all afternoon down there, and he had a grocery store, and then on one side of it he had a beer hall, and they could serve sandwiches and things in there.
As far as you and other students know, how old did somebody have to be to buy a beer at Hard Liquors?
You know, I don't know.
Did you ever hear of somebody not getting a beer?
Not down there because, you know, I still don't drink beer.
No, no, but I... And I still... I just never did go to it because I didn't like beer.
I just...
Now, did people go across Whiskey Bridge?
Was that... Well, they had whiskey and all over there.
And then that little place was already there?
Yes, it was there.
It sure was.
And I guess they sold a lot.
Did students... Were the clay pits... Were they there yet?
You know, I...